The Joe Rogan.
Experience. That tells you that the calls.
Are not the problem was who was he running against?
I don't think that would've worked. He was running against Obama.
I think Hillary is such a deeply flawed candidate.
And so many people despised her.
And during the me too era like her creepy
husband is just looming in the distance like Nosferatu. I mean,
how many women have come out and accused that guy of sexual assault and rape
and, and he's still hovering. I mean,
he's still around and that's always going to haunt her.
She's connected to that guy forever.
On this topic. There's an amazing story. So during, uh, the election,
remember when the story broke of Trump on video saying I grabbed by the.
I don't even wait.
And everybody blew up and all the mainstream media talking heads were like,
oh my God, it's over. He's going to drop out. It's over. It's done.
What did Trump do at that next debate?
This was actually low key political brilliance instead of doing what every other
politician would have done,
which is basically kind of given a little bit and be like, all right,
you got me what he did.
He leased a short apology video real quick out of the way.
Then the next night was a debate at the debate, Joe,
he brought like eight bill Clinton accusers put them in the audience and
then he goes out there on stage. And when he's asked the question,
the first thing he says is, listen, I'm not proud of what I said.
It wasn't a good thing. What I said. But what I did was just words,
what bill Clinton did was actions, folks. It was actions.
So if you want to see who the real problem is,
he's sitting right there in the audience.
And the brilliance of that move is this is politics 1 0 1,
never really go on defense. Your best defense is a really good offense.
So he made it a wash, all of a sudden this issue, which was supposed to be,
oh my God, it's the end of Donald Trump. Now the whole conversation shifted to,
I mean, there are a lot of accusations against bill aren't there.
So maybe this is a wash and we need to just kind of move on from this topic
completely. That's all he had to do.
And you see it with every single scandal that Trump's involved in.
You see how incredibly pathetic and ineffectual and weak the Democrats are at
marketing and strategizing and you see how good he is because he is no matter
what it is. He's going to flip it. He's going to flip it back on you.
So the new thing is the Ukraine thing.
I don't know how closely you've been following this,
but the Ukraine thing you basically got caught on a phone call asking for dirt
on his political opponents, Joe Biden.
He was talking to the president of Ukraine and he said it in so many words.
I mean, he likes say there was no quid pro quo,
but there doesn't have to be it's implied.
Everybody knows what you're asking for.
You're asking for dirt on your political opponent, right?
Everybody's melting down and going, oh my God, man, you can't do that.
This is violating. Every rule is violating every norm.
This is not something any president should be doing,
relying on a foreign power to get dirt on your political opponents.
What does Trump do? Again? It goes right back on the offense.
And he goes out there and says,
I have every right as president to investigate corruption.
And Joe Biden is incredibly corrupt. And all I'm doing is I'm, you know,
trying to figure out why was hunter Biden getting $50,000 from an energy
company? He doesn't know anything about energy. Why is he getting this?
And so now again, the conversation isn't man,
Trump shouldn't have been doing that. The conversation is okay, sure.
Maybe Trump shouldn't be doing that,
but Joe Biden's son and Joe Biden's family has really corrupt.
Well, how about the video where you, you saw the video where Trump released it,
where it was Biden, talking about the loan, like explaining.
Okay.
So this one I'll give you what the Democrats say and I'll give you what the
Republican side the Democrats say, Hey man,
that's a misleading video because yes, it's true. Uh,
Biden was holding a billion dollar subsidy over the head of Ukraine to fire a
prosecutor.
But Biden wanted to get rid of the corrupt prosecutor and bring in a non-corrupt
That's why he was doing what he did and holding that subsidy over their head.
And they say the prosecutor that eventually came into place actually
investigated the Biden family more. So that's why the Democrats say there's,
you know, you're, you're kind of misleading by putting this out there.
The argument that Trump is making is, well, no,
you're holding a billion dollar subsidy over the head of a foreign government
and saying you have to listen to us and do X, Y, and Z.
That's problematic in and of itself. But furthermore, it's like it's corruption.
Anyway,
we know that the only reason hunter Biden was getting paid $50,000 a month.
And actually now people are saying it's not 50,000, that's $83,000 a month. Um,
is because his last name is widen. And so it's, pay-to-play corruption, $83,000.
A month. There's a lot of.
Money.
And this is where I think like Democrats are silly because they always find the
weakest anti-Trump argument possible.
And now they're put in a position where they have to try to say like, oh,
the Bidens did nothing wrong at all. And Trump is all bad. And bottom line,
nobody's going to believe that the Bidens did nothing wrong when you're getting
$83,000 a month. And you know anything about natural gas, right? What was.
The justification for the $83,000?
I don't even know what they give is there's the justification. I mean,
the only thing I heard from, I think it was Ted Lou was a,
he's a democratic Congressman was, you know, Hey man,
people sit on boards and there was nothing wrong there, which is really weak.
But here's the thing. And this is again,
why the Democrats drive me crazy is like they picked the weakest of all
anti-Trump arguments. So they wanted to use this as like, oh,
we're going to try to impeach him over this.
And this is going to be the thing that we're going to hang our hat on.
And Nancy Pelosi even said,
we're going to limit the scope of the impeachment investigation to only this
only the Ukraine phone call. And then somebody like me,
I'm sitting there and I'm pulling my hair out because I can actually give you
like three or four super legitimate things. They're impeachment worthy.
Not that I think it strategically makes sense.
And we can get into that if you want to.
But like the one that drives me crazy is Donald Trump has a
hotel in Washington, DC that he owns, okay.
He took $300,000 through that hotel from the Saudi government.
So they're funneling him money through his hotel in DC.
And then Donald Trump turns around and gives a multi-billion dollar weapons deal
to the Saudi government. As they're committing a genocide in Yemen,
we know they're committing a genocide in Yemen.
We know that we're arming them and he gave them even more weapons because he got
that money through his hotel. So for me, I'm looking at that and I'm going,
oh my God, this scandal has everything. It's got personal corruption.
It's got guns going to a vicious genocidal country. What was.
The money for the money in the hotel? Okay. So.
What they did is they had these like little retreats at the hotel and Saudi
Arabia would pay for us veterans to go and stay at these hotels. And they would,
I don't know if it's like tours of the capital or whatever it is,
but they pay for these veteran groups to go to the hotel.
But then of course you look at it and you go, I don't know, man, $300,000.
And the speculation is, well, of course they overpaid on purpose,
but furthermore, even if they didn't,
Jimmy Carter had to sell his peanut farm when he was president,
because the idea was, Hey, we're not even saying you're doing anything corrupt,
but just the fact that you have this personal private business,
it is theoretically possible that foreign governments want to give you money
through your peanut farm.
So you have to sell it because just the existence of it enough,
it is enough to say it violates the emoluments clause of the constitution,
which is just a fancy way of saying that the president can't be corrupt and take
money from foreign governments. And Trump is doing that. And he just is.
All right, so this $300,000 though, this is for services rendered.
This is for hotel rooms.
Well, that's what they say is it's for,
I guess the meals and the hotel rooms and whatnot.
I hate to say it this way, but that's not a lot of money to someone like them.
Well.
Then what I always think about when people make that point is you have to flip
it. What would we be saying?
If it was the Clinton foundation getting $300,000 from the Saudi government and
then Hillary Clinton as secretary of state approving a weapons deal to Saudi
Arabia.
And the fact of the matter is that actually is almost exactly like what happened
with the Clinton foundation,
because bill Clinton was going around and giving speeches at all these,
you know, Gulf dictatorships. And then he was getting, you know,
500,000 bucks a pop or whatever it was.
And then Hillary Clinton was approving weapons deals, the secretary of state.
So, but the see that,
I feel like that's a little bit more agregious because he speeches are
worthless. Like at least the, the hotel rooms, it's like real,
it's real food. He's it's meals like that actually costs money.
These speeches are worthless. That's a, in my opinion, in my opinion,
those speeches are a transparent bribe.
So do you think though that a president should be able to have private
businesses, the foreign governments can pay him any amount of money? No.
I think so. I don't, I don't, but I just don't think they're comparable.
Like I think with the Clinton foundation,
I think the Clinton foundation was agregious really gross.
Right? Well,
I think both of those things are egregiously gross and I do think it influences.
I think it sure it sure influences him because there's a deal, right?
They have a deal, even if it's only $300,000,
which I know most people hear this, or like that was a lot of money.
It's a lot of money to me, but is it a lot of money to a billionaire?
I don't necessarily think it is. And it's,
it's also a lot of money that goes through his organization and that it costs
money to make that money.
So how much profit is that at a $300,000 is not that much profit with
$500,000,
a speech that's one talk for one hour and it costs
nothing for him and he's making a half a million dollars and he did it over and
over and over and over and over again. And it was all under this.
The guys of the Clinton foundation is doing this great charitable work all
across the country and all across the world.
And that to me was more transparently.
Yeah. So I understand, I understand why you would say that,
but I also think that, um, there's a problem with it in principle.
So I would just nip it in the bud. No questions asked, but beyond that,
there's also other stuff too. I'm just giving you one example.
There's so there's the other thing, which again,
very few people spoke about or recognize that during the campaign,
Donald Trump registered eight new businesses in Saudi Arabia. So again,
when you're running for president, it's, you know, you're,
it's a public service you're trying to serve your country and you shouldn't
intertwine business with that in any way, shape or form.
There's another one I believe he has. He has a hotel in, uh,
in Turkey and now his argument by the way is no it's okay because I transferred
all this to my kids. So while I'm president my kids take,
run my businesses and take care of it.
But I think that's just a total nonsense Dodge because you're still,
your family is still profiting from it. And here's a crazy fact, Joe,
then this one w really just blew my mind, um,
with Trump in office in one year, Jared and Ivanka made,
I think it was 82 or $83 million in one year,
how through, through their businesses. And they say, oh,
there's nothing to see here. There's no problem.
But then you dig into the specifics. And yet again,
you see so many sketchy things like Jared Kushner got like millions of dollars
from Israeli banks. Why? And then this is the guy who they say, it's okay,
he's going to broker a peace deal between Israel and Palestine.
One of the sides is given him millions of dollars.
You think that's going to be a fair piece deal.
It's going to be the most lopsided peace deal in history.
And this is the problem is that. And again, for the Trump example,
it's just that he kind of ripped the mask off and shows you what everybody's
doing. Um, but it's not like it didn't happen with bill Clinton. It's not like,
like with Barack Obama, it was wall street appointed his entire administration.
I believe he got a list from city group to, to, you know,
put people in his cabinet and it's like,
this is the way the system functions and my opinion is it,
should you shouldn't be taking money from foreign governments.
You shouldn't be taking money from corporations.